Can you get me cleaning or toilet paper I
When you switch the microphone, let me switch it.
OK.
Then I can help you move the mic.
Got it.
Anybody that has a mobile connection and wants to test the stream can.
Oh, we got one.
We got one.
Hi, Tony.
Good.
Good good good.
I think we're going to stop recording because.
This is going to screw things up, I think.
Let's see.
And will set a different setting for.
Output.
Yeah, I'm going to just stop recording.
We'll see we're going to get it on.
We're going to get it online anyway from Twitch.
I can download it.
So you can see it's really crowded.
I think you can hear me.
Can you give me a little sound check their free mayonnaise or Fletcher anybody?
The stream is going to be a little glitchy because of the nature of our setup here.
But I think it's going to be a nice little thing.
I see some excellent, excellent test run.
It's absolutely a test run.
We're not going to have any music because the way that the audio is set up here, I couldn't troubleshoot it in time.
So the buzzers are only visible and hearable in the room.
I'm glad that it sounds good.
That should mean that both mics should sound pretty good.
We're only live on Twitch, so don't look for us anywhere else.
I think we have all the things going.
A little soft is what it's going to be, unfortunately.
I'm not going to be able to troubleshoot that.
I should be able to turn it up, but this is as loud as it's going to go right now.
So we're just going to leave it like this.
It's a little soft, but I hope everybody can hear it.
You can hear the effects too.
You can hear that?
Yeah, the glitchiness probably stopped because I stopped recording it, so I'm gonna have to download it from Twitch, but it's happening.
Okay, I think we're ready.
Sorry, I'll go like this and go like this.
I think we're kinda ready.
Yeah, the balloons are sweet.
You can see them right there.
We're ready to go.
Your mic is live.
I can put you up whenever you're ready, Mr. Scott Shara.
I can actually do this.
Why don't I just do this?
No, no, you can both, because then you can... Oh, please didn't tell me.
I didn't lose it already.
But anyway, here.
Now you have a mic.
I don't need a mic.
I can talk to you without a mic.
You got a metal plate down there?
Was that recorded?
Good, we're starting with the humor right out of the chute.
There it is.
And you're first?
You're going to be first?
Cindy will be.
Well, I will be.
I'm just going to introduce Cindy.
Are you doing the intro too, Jake?
What?
Are you doing the intro too?
I'm not actually going to do an intro.
Nothing?
You're not going to do an intro.
All right.
There was no music, so there's no music.
OK.
So does this project, do we have a... It should be also in the room, but it's not gonna be super loud.
That's fine.
Because if I put it up too loud, it'll feedback on it.
I'm gonna adjust it on the fly.
Your live sound is fine, it's the inside of the room, so if everybody... No problem.
Everybody take your seats.
Ladies and gentlemen, we're ready to start.
Bring your purchases to the counter.
You need to be able to see the screen.
All right, here we go.
Well, good afternoon, everyone.
Thanks for coming.
My name is Grace's dad, and my wife Cindy is next to me, and she's going to do a brief introduction as to why we are here.
Before that, I just want to tell you I have gotten to know Jay
fairly well.
We essentially met each other over the phone.
He was on the same path as me.
I thought, is there anybody else that sees this, that the lab leak is a deception to get us to believe COVID was real?
And he uncovered that before I did.
And so as God would have it, I called him.
And our first conversation was for an hour over the phone, and we hit it off.
And here I am today.
So it's fantastic to be here.
And when I get to the point of my presentation, Cindy's going to do an introduction relative to Grace.
But I asked Jay, what should I talk about?
And he said, it doesn't matter.
So I have enough to offend everybody in here.
I just want to warn you ahead of time.
All right, so here we go.
Cindy's going to start out giving you a story of Grace's life.
Here we go.
Good afternoon.
This is a pretty big task to take on because Grace was phenomenal.
And to put it into 10 minutes is gonna be a little bit tough, but I will give you as much of an overview of who Grace was and what her life was like, and how she blessed our life, so that you can feel like you knew her in those 10 minutes.
So first of all, when Scott and I,
Decided that we were gonna have another baby We were not Christians prior to that and we had a son Travis and a daughter Jessica And we were living the American dream is so we thought and then God put it upon our heart we our hearts were open to him and he put it upon our heart to open up that door to have more children and lo and behold he blessed us with a pregnancy and we did not know that we were carrying a baby that had Down syndrome and I
It wouldn't have mattered if we would have, because we were going to accept whatever God was blessing us with, and that's really what Grace was.
She was a blessing to us, the biggest blessing you could have ever imagined.
And I hope that most people that have special-needs children do look at them that way, and we looked at Grace that way.
And so, once we turned it over to the Lord, He blessed us with Grace, and the day that she was born was just phenomenal.
And she had a special...
feature amongst herself that we didn't even pick up on until she fanned out her hand, and it fanned out like a star.
And as I look at life now, and I look at what she brought to our life, she was really a star.
She was a star for our life, but also a star for the Lord.
She shined for Him.
She shined for Him every moment that she had the ability to do so.
And so, her baby picture is one of the precious things that we looked at.
did whatever we put in her path.
The doctor, when she was first born, in the delivery room had seen that she had Down syndrome, suspected she had Down syndrome, and they had come to us first and said, we suspect that your child has Down syndrome.
Do you want this baby?
Because we have people waiting in the wings for children such as these, is what they said to us.
And we had said, yes, we want this baby.
This is our gift from the Lord.
And so from that day on, we looked at Grace differently.
And her NIC unit doctor, who ended up taking over Grace's care, she had said to us something very special.
And we held on to that, and that was,
When you have a child with special needs, you can bring them up in two different atmospheres.
And in one atmosphere, that child may flourish, and in another, it may not.
And so, we looked at Grace in a different way because that doctor told us to look at Grace as the sky's the limit.
And so, we did.
Whatever we put in her path, she took and she just went with it.
And so, from little on, Grace, as I said earlier, just blessed our life.
She rode horse since she was three years old.
She learned how to sign.
She signed about 100 words.
And as she got older and started to ride the horse, she ended up dropping the sign and saying the word.
And she became my little jabberbox, and she was so excited to tell everybody that she was my jabberbox, because people asked, well, how come Grace's speech is so clear and crisp?
And we said, well, one, the Lord is blessing her, but second of all, she started to ride horse, which they called hippotherapy.
And in the end, she just became just a little beam of light with her ability to speak.
Everything that we put in Grace's path, like as I said, she took on with a vengeance.
So she helped us with numerous things in our daily activities.
But she learned how to mow lawn and she loved that.
One of the cute stories about her mowing lawn was she was on her little rider and I was on a different rider one day.
I'm watching the path that we had carved out for her,
to dwindle down, but it took Grace a little bit longer, and while I watched her, she was mowing three of the four sides, because there was a tree on the fourth side, and she would spin around, and she would trap the tree as she came around.
And it was just so precious, because Grace made every opportunity, or every job, some kind of fun with it.
So to her, that day with mowing the lawn was just kind of a fun activity, because she's touching the tree and mowing the lawn.
But she did the mowing the lawn.
She learned how to play violin.
First she started with piano, and then she wanted to try guitar.
But her fingers were just a little bit short, and so she said, Mom, I just can't get my fingers around the neck of the guitar.
Can I try violin?
And she tried violin, and she just went with it.
She loved it.
And then we later on learned how to play ukulele together, her and I.
But her violin was her passion and she always thought that one day she would maybe play in an orchestra.
That was one of her dreams that she had and we thought she could too.
But she played for her big sister's wedding.
She played a beautiful Elvis song.
She fell in love with Elvis.
And from that love of Elvis' music just grew the desire then to actually go to Graceland and meet Priscilla Presley.
And prior to that, which is a really cool story, is we had been listening to Elvis Presley's music and watching his films and so on.
And so this passion for Elvis came to be.
And she wanted to find out if they still did any type of fan mail to anybody that wrote to Graceland.
So Grace actually wrote to Graceland.
And it was two months, and we still hadn't heard anything from Graceland.
And so we called there, and I just said, hey, by the chance, you know, my daughter had sent a note in to Priscilla Presley and wondered if she got it.
And they said, yes, we still answer fan mail.
And we're hoping that we would be hearing something back.
But we hadn't yet.
And she said, well, let me inquire.
Well, within a few days, we got a phone call.
And it was actually Priscilla Presley personally asking if Grace was at her house.
And I almost didn't pick up the phone because it said it was coming in from Beverly Hills.
And I'm like, I don't know anybody from Beverly Hills.
But I picked it up, and lo and behold, here was this phone call.
Priscilla had invited to meet Grace.
She apologized for us not getting an answer from the fan mail, but invited us to come down.
At that time, Grace was 14 years old.
She said, if you're ever in Graceland, and I would just love to meet Grace.
We got off the phone, we called dad, and he said, dad, we just got this opportunity to meet Priscilla Presley.
It was the anniversary of Elvis's death coming up, and so we took her, and oh my gosh, it was the best thing.
She got to meet Priscilla, and she told Priscilla, I was the same age that you were when you met Elvis and so on.
She just, she shined for Priscilla.
It was just one of the neatest things.
And you can see in the picture, it was when she met Priscilla.
And we would go and meet up with other Elvis tribute artists as she was younger and as she got older.
And she would just enjoy being pulled up on stage and she would do her Elvis moves and so on.
And so she had lots of opportunities just to shine.
But the big thing was when she was old enough in high school, she got an opportunity.
We homeschooled, and so we had a lot of opportunities.
She got to be quite the actor.
And so in a lot of the plays that we did, they would incorporate an Elvis part for Grace to have during her
her presentations and so she took those opportunities.
One time she was a mechanic and the mechanic ended up having this love for Elvis and so Grace stepped off stage and came back as she was dressed up like Elvis.
So Grace, again, just took her opportunities and just shared anything that she could about who Elvis was, but then also about the Lord because she tied in those things with her different activities that she did.
She was a beam of light in our family, and our joy that we have lost is unbelievable.
The same hospital that Grace ended up staying in when she was a baby because she had the hole in her heart, which I was meaning to tell you.
She was born at a different hospital in Oshkosh, Wisconsin, but then when she was born she had
atrial septal defect, which meant that she had a hole in her upper chambers of her heart.
And so they whisked her to the NIC unit, which was at St.
Elizabeth's, which ultimately ended up being the same hospital that ended up taking her life, sadly.
And so it's bittersweet.
We have memories of Grace's blessings when she was a baby there, but then also the horrific ending to Grace's life that happened at the exact same hospital.
But with her hole in her heart, it didn't...
It didn't take long for her to overcome that.
Grace actually had the opportunity, even as a baby, to shine for the hospital cardiologist that would come up from a little town called Madison, Wisconsin.
And he was just blown away that Grace's hole in her heart was closing all on its own.
And we kept telling him it was because of the fact that we were one, believed that the Lord had his hands upon Grace, but also we had a lot of people praying.
And so he ultimately ended up being led to the Lord through her just as a baby.
And so Grace's life was really like that.
She has been saving lives throughout her whole life, just actually
beaming for the Lord and not being bashful about it, but then even in her death now, Grace's light has shined.
We've saved several people's lives in hospitals that we would have thought were safe to be in, and now ultimately see that they're not safe to be in.
They weren't safe when Grace was going in.
and still aren't safe, and now as we uncover things, it's been unsafe for some time, but we've been trusting and thinking in a certain way, and sadly, we know that this life that we have here on Earth is very, very, how do I wanna say it?
Is very trying, because we know that the devil is in charge of this world.
As the devil's in charge of this world, we know that things are not going to be as joyous as we know, but we do know who's the victor, and the victor is the Lord, and he's got all this.
We just have to hold on to that, that knowledge, and to know that, okay, there are people out there, just like Grace was, who would take...
his light and try and shine it amongst the evil.
And that's really what we're also trying to do.
We're hoping to open up people's eyes to see what's really going on in this world.
And through our blessing that we had with Grace, I want to leave you with this note.
She was our angel.
And the reason I feel that totally is because I was at a workshop one time with Scott, and there was a quiet time that we all had during that weekend.
And it was the last day of the three-day weekend that I had with Scott, and I was like, Lord, you haven't spoken to me at all through the whole weekend.
And during my last quiet time, God took me to Hebrews chapter 13.
And in Hebrews chapter 13, verses 2, it mentions about the fact that... I'm just going to quickly read it.
It says that...
It says, do not neglect to show hospitality to strangers, for thereby some have entertained angels unawares.
And then I read a little bit further, and it said in Hebrews 13, verse 9, it said, for it is good for the heart to be strengthened by grace.
And it just hit me.
It was like, oh my gosh, God just finally spoke to me.
And he spoke to me and let me know that grace was our angel unawares.
Because of that angel, we've had the opportunity to just shine his light and expose the evil.
And we really feel that all of you guys being here are part of that mission that God has set us on.
And so we thank you all for being here.
And so with that, I'm going to turn it over to Scott.
OK, so we see that biology is the way.
And Cindy told you that we asked the Lord for a blessing.
We're 39 years old.
Nobody does that, right?
We had 2.1 kids, 1.7 dogs, no cats.
Praise God.
And it's OK.
Remember, I said I have enough to offend everybody.
Well, just quickly, Grace knew I was allergic to cats.
I was telling one of you guys this last night.
So she said, Dad, how do you know I'm allergic to cats?
Yeah, I was telling Mark.
I said, well, because every time a cat goes in front of me, my right leg goes up uncontrollably.
So then we got cat lovers there.
OK, hang on.
I'm just joking around, all right?
So I told her, well, my eye is itchy, Grace.
Dad.
If you really had an allergy, both eyes would be itching.
So she was on to me.
It was cute.
So anyway, biology is the way.
So we're 39 years old, and we turn the baby department over to God.
So does anybody want to know what happened next?
Or can you guess?
So this is one thing Jay said is keep it G-rated.
So I'm just going to tell you a fertile myrtle was pregnant five minutes later.
And then nine months later, we had the beautiful blessing of our daughter, Grace.
All right, so I want to jump into
what I'm going to talk about.
You see the title, Hospitals and Scare Homes are Federally Mandated Killing Fields.
But before that, I am going to talk a little bit more about Grace.
So first, on the left-hand side, that was my hair color before we hired the legal team.
Having a lawsuit is one of the biggest nightmares you could ever have, but praise God, he opened the door, and we're simply being obedient and walking through it.
On the right is Grace dressed as Elvis.
So Grace could public speak, believe it or not.
She wasn't afraid to get up and sing, dance, whatever.
And so that's her dressed as Elvis in front of our church group at the time.
We have a farm.
This is Grace on the left.
We nursed this calf back to health.
She named her Rosebud.
On the right, Grace was almost 13 in this picture.
This is the first day she drove.
So we went to our hunting property.
Grace was a deer hunter.
She was extremely accurate with a rifle because I told her, you know, just squeeze the trigger.
So she never learned how to flinch.
She was great with a rifle.
So we're at a deer hunting property.
And we get there and Grace said, Dad, can I drive?
I said, you bet.
So at that point, I had a 3 quarter ton Dodge diesel mega cab.
You know, this thing is a monster truck.
So when she, at that point, was probably 4 foot, 4 foot 1.
You can see her behind the wheel.
So I said, OK, Grace, you've got to shift into drive.
Put your ease onto the gas pedal.
So she did everything just great.
I said, OK, now try the brakes.
You just about go through the windshield.
So now we practice a few times, and then it dawns on me, OK, this is a problem.
So guys, you know what the problem is, right?
She's going to tell mom.
So we have about an hour drive back to our house.
I said, Grace, you can't tell mom.
You can't tell mom.
We practice this the whole time.
You can't tell her because she's not going to like this.
So we get home.
She's in the door less than a split second.
Dad, let me drive.
So I was in the doghouse for about a week or so.
She's up here today.
Most of the times when I'm speaking, it's by myself, so I can get away with a lot.
But now, since she's here, she can criticize me publicly.
So that's OK.
So when that happens today, it's expected.
I'm setting the stage right now.
Grace called us earthly mom and earthly dad.
We did not teach her that.
She did it on her own.
There's so many stories I could tell you about her connection with our Lord, but she came up with this on her own.
It was a miracle to me to see that.
Grace had quite a sense of humor.
And you see the sign on the right.
So when Grace saw that sign for the first time, she said, Dad, look at that sign.
So what does it say?
Anybody have an idea?
She said, watch out for falling bikes.
That's what it says, right?
So we got into this literal humor as a family.
Most of you wouldn't know, Grace has two siblings, our son Travis and our daughter Jessica.
Grace was the youngest.
But Travis died of suicide three years before Grace.
And Travis is the one who introduced our family to literal humor.
And Grace picked up on it.
She just had it down.
So how Travis got us into it, one day, when I noticed it, he was maybe five, six years old.
I'm reading a newspaper, and Travis came into the kitchen.
Dad, can you help me with this?
I said, just give me a second.
And he said to me.
When people say a second, why don't they mean it?
And I thought, oh, wow, that's right.
And so then, it ratcheted up as he realized that he's funny doing this.
When we used to be in the Catholic Church SIAP, Travis was a dilly-daller.
So Cindy said to him one Sunday morning, Travis, I am not telling you again.
No more dilly-dalling around.
And Travis said, how come you just told me again, Mom?
And I thought, oh my gosh, I couldn't stand it.
You're supposed to support your wife, but you can't then.
I mean, you're peeing your pants laughing.
So it was just so, and so Grace picked up on this.
The first time I had the opportunity to teach her this, this whole thought process of this literal humor, I must have done something wrong, because Cindy said, you've got to go to Walmart.
And she knows I hate that store.
So I said, hey, Grace, why don't you come with me?
So we're driving to Walmart, she's about five years old.
I said, Grace, just so you know, everyone who shops at Walmart is a zombie.
So we get into Walmart, she starts poking people in the stomach.
Dad, they're not zombies.
So you can see how she would pick up on that sign.
I mean, it became this routine.
There are so many of these things that her and I did together.
It was a gift.
So I'll show you one more quick one, and then we're going to get into the serious part of the presentation.
So this is an example of a sign.
A lot of people are looking for, you know, we want a sign from God to know what we're doing, right?
So this is a sign that was in our hotel room.
So you can see it's a sprinkler head.
Contact with the sprinkler will cause flooding.
And it's got a hanger.
Well, I mean, it never dawned on me to hang something on that.
I mean, these signs give you ideas that you never had before, right?
So now you have your family in the hotel, and they only give you a couple of hangers.
Well, you gotta have a place for the swimming suits from the hot tub.
Well, they're telling you exactly what to do if you just pay attention to the signs, right?
All right, here we go.
Now we're getting serious.
Grace's last day on Earth was October 13th of 2021.
I put this timetable together.
after we got the records.
We went to the hospital on October 6th of 2021, first to urgent care and ultimately to the hospital, not because of anything other than the COVID PSYOP.
We were monitoring Grace's oxygen, unfortunately, with a pulse ox.
And we bought a pulse ox because of the fact that
We were following the FLCCC protocol.
It said get a pulse ox.
We had no business buying a pulse ox.
By the way, this presentation, if anybody wants the slideshow, my cards are over on the side.
And you can just email me.
I'll send you the slideshow via Dropbox.
There's some embedded video, so it's long.
So you don't have to take pictures.
And then there's no pads on the table.
We're going to do questions afterward, of course, so just take your notes and I'm glad to answer any questions.
So we're following the FLCCC protocol.
And so we had a wedding we're going to go to on October 1st and Grace had a cold and we just were under the idea that it's our civic duty to not spread cold, not to spread COVID.
So Cindy went to the
The Walgreens in Appleton got a home COVID test.
We tested Grace, she tested positive, of course, right?
So then we start the FLCC protocol and the oxygen saturation number went down to 88% the morning of October 6th.
So we obediently to the protocol, take Grace to urgent care,
That goes to, they take a blood test.
Strangely, they didn't even put her on oxygen in the urgent care until after an hour.
And I told them, hey, we got to get her on oxygen.
That should have been a red flag.
Ultimately, they said, well, she's got a high D-dimer, which a D-dimer is a legitimate blood chemistry parameter.
And you've got to take her to the emergency room.
So Grace and I rode in the ambulance to the emergency room.
She was fine.
She just had a cold.
Seven days later, she was dead.
And this is what they did to her.
This is her last day on earth.
This timetable shows the doctor called Cindy and I the morning of the 13th.
I had already been taken out by an armed guard on the 10th, three days earlier.
I was with Grace from the 6th until the morning of the 10th.
The 10th, I'm taken out by an armed guard.
She had 47 hours without advocacy.
During that 47 hours, we found out they had started a sedation med called Presidex.
On October 9th, they increased the dose of Presidex six different times during the 47 hours we didn't have advocacy.
So they sedated my little buddy instead of taking care of her.
When we turned the page then to the morning of the 13th, the doctor had told us he's going to call us
the morning of the 13th after our call on the 12th, because he wanted to get our decision on a pre-authorization for a ventilator.
So he called us shortly after 10.
He said, what's your decision on the pre-authorization for a ventilator?
And we said, we're not doing that.
That was the fifth time that the challenge of the ventilator came up.
Grace was never a ventilator candidate, nor should have anybody with COVID been a ventilator candidate.
So we said no, he immediately switched gears and said, Grace had such a good day yesterday.
which we knew she did, our daughter Jessica was now in the room with Grace, that we should work on nutrition.
We should get her out of bed today, get her bowels moving so we can get her out of here in the next several days.
Well, prior to the call, now that we see what Jessica's notes say, the phone records, and piecing this all together, prior to the call, he had already strapped Grace down to the bed and made her defecate in the bed.
So it was a complete lie.
During the call,
he increased the dose of Presidex to the maximum allowable dose.
So there was no intention of getting Grace out of bed.
She was sedated to the maximum dose.
Simultaneous with hanging up the phone, we got done with the phone call at 1055.
At 1056, he put an illegal do not resuscitate order on Grace's chart.
Then as the day proceeded, they combined Presidex with lorazepam and morphine.
And the last dose was done in a 29-minute window.
So in 29 minutes, Grace had max Presidex, lorazepam, and morphine.
And they euthanized her.
They euthanized her, just like they do in somebody's last hour of life in hospice care.
At this point, Jessica was in the room with Grace, and she called Cindy and I on a FaceTime call, panicking.
She said, Dad, Grace's numbers are dropping like crazy.
I said, get the nurses in.
She said, I've been trying.
They refuse.
So Cindy and I threw the FaceTime call.
The nurses are standing outside the door with a guard.
And we start screaming, save our daughter.
And that's when we learned she was DNR.
They hollered back from outside the room, she's DNR.
And we screamed, she's not DNR.
Jessica ran out into the hall.
One of the nurses showed her the screen that she's DNR.
And they wouldn't even come in the room, wouldn't step foot in the room.
And we watched her die on that FaceTime call at 7.27 PM, October 13th of 2021.
And, you know, ultimately that's why I'm here today is because of that situation has got me to become a public spokesperson against hospital protocols, but then also unraveling, why is this happening?
And that's what we're going to cover today.
Yeah, I'll be covering that.
First time.
So somebody taking tick marks as to how many times she tells me.
So that's one.
All right, here we go.
So the medical records, it's interesting.
Medical records, when you have a lawsuit, are considered prima facie evidence in a lawsuit.
That means the court has to accept them as true unless you prove them otherwise.
So this is the record from the COVID expert in the hospital.
We've already deposed him in the lawsuit.
Quite an interesting man.
But I'm not going to go on that rabbit trail because of time.
This is what he wrote about Grace in his first day doctor's report.
This is the leader of their COVID wing.
So she had Down syndrome.
Of course, you'd report that.
But during the seven days Grace was in the hospital in the 22 doctor's reports,
referenced that Grace had Down syndrome 36 different times.
I'm going to be coming back to that.
You can see they referenced that we're Christian.
They did that multiple times in the reports.
And then the last line, he says, unfortunately, I think the patient probably would not be here if she'd been fully vaccinated.
So their bias is obvious in the reports.
Remember, the reports are prima facie evidence.
So this isn't about evidence.
But in our deposition last week, Friday, we deposed one of the doctors that
increased the dose of Prasodex the morning of October 13th.
Under oath, he said, I was not working that day.
So wrap your head around that.
So I mean, we're going to uncover what's going on.
But I mean, he said he wasn't working that day.
And I think his testimony was credible.
So that means somebody doctored that report with his name.
It was somebody else.
The plot thickens as you go through and you start hearing these guys under oath.
The most shocking thing to me in the deposition so far is how
how they lie.
I've documented about 50 different lies already in the depositions.
One of the components of our lawsuit, so in a lawsuit you have complaints, we have five complaints.
One of the complaints is the illegal do not resuscitate order.
I had filed a complaint with the Wisconsin Medical Examining Board and they wrote back
and said the doctor didn't do anything wrong.
In fact, they wrote, you can see chapter 154 of the Wisconsin statutes, that's the DNR statute, does not apply to physicians operating in a hospital non-emergency room setting such as the one in question.
So think through that.
That means a doctor can write a DNR order on anybody he wants.
And the state licensing board says that's fine.
So we hired a, well, we didn't hire him.
He's a friend of ours that did this without hiring him.
He took this case on to present to the district attorney for criminal charges.
There was already an investigation for criminal charges that we opened up, and it got deferred.
So he took it upon himself to
right to the district attorney's office to open this up.
And we're expecting criminal charges after the civil case is done, but it's not in play right now.
They kept the door open, thankfully.
The DA's office, this is what the DA's office wrote in response to that letter.
A doctor is not required to administer treatment she or he believes is not medically effective.
This includes authorizing a DNR.
The parties clearly had a dispute about how Dr. Shokar should treat Grace.
Dr. Shokar did not abide by the wishes of the family.
However, there is no law in Wisconsin that requires him to do so.
So this has nothing to do with Wisconsin.
It's just that's the state we're in.
This is what's going on.
Informed consent was taken away federally, legally in 2016.
It was the Cures Act, C-U-R-E-S, took away informed consent.
And this is what's going on.
People are blind to this reality.
This is what is going on in hospital settings.
What Cindy was reminding me is that Grace was one of literally millions.
During the 39 months of COVID, 1.2 million murders took place in hospitals, 1.2 million.
So that might sound like a small number to you.
Well, to give you a perspective, there's 2.8 million annual deaths in the United States every single year, 2.8 million.
1.2 million during the 39 months of COVID.
Hospitals worldwide were tracking these deaths.
The United States, out of all 193 countries on the planet, was number one in that category.
Number one.
We only have 4.2% of the world's population, but we had 17% of the world's death.
Number two on that list was India.
India's population is four times that of the United States, but they only had 533,000 deaths, less than 50%, with a population four times that of the United States.
I'm going to come back to that because God gave us a warning as to the United States' role in this killing that is going on today.
Is it okay?
Top three killers historically in America.
Number one, heart disease.
Number two, cancer.
Number three, medical malpractice.
I'm putting malpractice in quotes now because there is legitimate malpractice.
People make mistakes.
They're humans.
But this is not what I'm talking about.
Malpractice today is they follow standards of care that are designed to kill us.
We'll be covering that in a little bit.
So what I'm talking about here is not how did we get heart disease?
How did we get cancer?
Okay, so we got heart disease and cancer by what they're doing to us, right?
Poisoning the air, poisoning the food.
But this is the treatments kill the people.
So when you get heart disease, they want you to go on a statin.
I know that because I learned I had heart disease six years ago.
They wanted me to go on a statin.
I started researching.
found out statins cause Alzheimer's.
Number one.
Statins cause heart attacks.
Number two.
Number three is that the purpose of the statins is to reduce your cholesterol.
So it does that.
But my cholesterol was over 300.
Oh, it's sky high.
You've got to reduce your cholesterol.
Historically, cholesterol in the 800s was considered high.
So this is how they have systematically got us to buy into this PSYOP.
of heart disease.
So the treatment for heart disease is the statin.
When you take a statin, you go back to the doctor for the checkup six months later, he says, congratulations, your cholesterol is down to 150.
And you pat the doctor on the back, right, because that's what he promised.
Yeah, well, he promised that because that's the standard of care.
This was a wake-up call that I missed.
I want to go on this tangent just for a little bit because it might be the most important thing I could ever tell you.
When I decided to not take the statin, so I went into the doctor.
I showed him what my research and what I'm doing.
And to my surprise, he said, what you have learned is 10 years ahead of what I know.
And so I told him I'm not taking the statin.
His nurse was in the room.
She walked me out and said, Scott, you have to take the statin.
I said, what are you talking about?
I don't have to do anything.
And she said, are?
Medicare and Medicaid reimbursement rates are based on what percentage of our patient population follows the standard of care.
I said, I'm not on Medicare and Medicaid.
She said, you didn't hear me.
It's the percentage of our patient population.
You're one of our patients.
If enough people like you reject the standard of care, we have to fire you as a patient.
This isn't a joke.
This is how they're doing it.
This is how they have integrated standards of care in our country.
All right, so what is the main message?
Isn't that the main message is we got hooked into this SIAPA standards of care, all right, so that we followed a different standard of care, FLCCC standard of care.
So a lot of you probably are familiar with them.
You know them.
I'm not throwing them under the bus.
Evil versus less evil is Satan's way.
Evil, medical establishment.
Less evil, other medical.
So my failure as a dad was I did not trust God.
I trusted another man's system.
And because of trusting that other man's system, my daughter is not here.
So everybody has to repent of their sin.
I mean, personally, I had to repent of that sin.
My daughter is not here because I trusted in a different protocol other than the government.
Of course, I don't trust the government, but I trusted a different set of men.
And this is how Satan works.
He works in evil versus less evil dialectics.
We'll cover a little bit of that today.
That's not the focus.
Okay, so let's find out who's behind the curtain.
Of course, it's Satan who's behind the curtain.
So what's going on?
Why is this all going on?
Well, God told us the love of money is the root of all kinds of evil, and Satan has been against God since the beginning.
Satan hates us.
We're the enemy.
He hates us.
Why?
Because God made us in his image.
So consequently, Satan is taking his fury out against all of us.
And he has convinced
every country on the planet to get a fiat currency.
So there's no budgets anymore.
Everybody can be paid off.
Everybody can be bought under this system.
And on a macro level, he's convinced the people who are running the show that there's too many people on the planet, and there's not enough resources.
So then we have population control, climate control, yet
because of Satan's lie.
So these people have become at Satan's disposal.
He uses on the evil side the occult, on the less evil side the apostate church to implement this esoteric agenda to reduce our population.
And he does it with money.
With a fiat currency, everybody can be bought.
So you wonder, why haven't doctors spoken out?
You know, there's been several doctors that have.
Why haven't the majority spoken out?
I mean, they know.
Well,
Think about the money.
They lose their license if they speak out.
They have million-dollar mortgages, thousand-dollar-a-month car payments, right?
All of that goes away if they speak out because it's all tied in.
Everybody is in on this.
Our government, which I'm going to cover a little bit at the end, the things that we look at, Big Pharma, big corporations, they control our government, but our government is really just a puppet into this satanic system.
Our government is implementing policy from the occultist and the apostate church.
So when we talk about voting, which we'll talk about at the end, mainly because there's supposedly some important vote on Tuesday, we got to cover it, of course.
In my research, I found this was the first public document that talked about depopulation in the United States.
Cindy and I went to kindergarten in 68.
And I was digging into the weekly readers in 68 because I had a vivid memory that one of the 1968 weekly readers said, if you have more than two children, it's irresponsible.
And if your parents had an electric can opener, that was irresponsible because it's using resources of the planet that we don't have.
So as I was digging, I stumbled across this plan to depopulate from 67.
Of course, the Rockefellers were behind that.
So how did we get here?
What's the legal authority?
It was quite a process.
I have become convinced that the law of entropy did not exist until the sin in the garden.
Because the law of entropy says we go from freedom to control, from order to chaos.
And God is a God of freedom, God is a God of order.
And so now we have disorder and we have control, which means the law of entropy took over.
I have...
solidly come to believe that we are in a spiritual battle.
Unless you see this as spiritual, what I'm talking about doesn't make sense.
In a spiritual battle, there's tools that we can use.
Our weapons of war
we put on the full armor of God.
The one that I want to talk about today is that Satan is bound by the principle in Genesis 18-17.
I've come to believe that in studying that.
So in Genesis 18, this is when God destroyed Sodom and Gomorrah.
And God said to Abraham, shall I withhold from Abraham what I am about to do?
So as I look at that, I see it as a principle.
God lets his people know what he's going to do before he does it.
Well, so does Satan.
And God tells us in Hosea 4.6, my people perish for lack of knowledge.
So what knowledge is he talking about?
The knowledge that everybody's chasing right now?
No, not that knowledge.
He's talking about knowledge of him and knowledge of how Satan works.
And we're going to spend some time on that today.
I want to show you how Satan has got our tacit approval through a process.
So I just hit some high points on the screen.
So the first thing that he did was got our tacit approval through the Hippocratic Oath.
The Hippocratic Oath was written in 400 BC.
So the question I have for everybody, raise your hand if you think that we should hold doctors to their oath.
Okay, yep, everybody says that.
All right, so we got unanimous vote.
Hold doctors to their oath.
This is what God is telling us why we have to not perish for lack of knowledge, because we've been programmed to believe the Hippocratic oath is first, do no harm, right?
That's what we all believe.
Why do we believe that?
Until you know the why, you know nothing.
So you, well, somebody told me that.
That's what I learned in school, okay?
But it's not true.
The Hippocratic Oath, if you read it, I did a two-part podcast on this.
The Hippocratic Oath, the first paragraph is to four satanic gods.
So you wonder why we're in trouble.
The doctors are swearing an oath to four satanic gods.
So that's the first step in this process.
So there's a whole bunch of them.
I just hit the high points here.
Of course, we have the whole vaccine agenda.
So that followed.
we have a virus vaccine, virus vaccine, all the way back to the 1880s.
So now people are hooked on every time a new virus comes on the scene, we gotta have a vaccine, right?
God doesn't protect us, we gotta have man protect us.
So the whole vaccine psyop is there.
That started already in the 1880s.
Grace was super high functioning.
I believe God made her that way, of course.
She was never vaccinated with anything.
And then Cindy nailed homeschooling.
Cindy did a great job of homeschooling.
I just did the dad thing, so we had fun.
But she's the one who was responsible for violin, public speaking, all those things that she told you about.
Jacobson versus Massachusetts.
This is important enough I want to read from this court decision.
This is how they pulled COVID off.
You think COVID, well, they did these pre-planting exercises, right?
That's what we're, yeah, of course they did those.
But that was part of the PSYOP for us to find that, that they did this so that we believe they did the, okay, well, Jacobson versus Massachusetts is the first stake in the ground that I found relative to COVID.
So this pastor,
His last name was Jacobson.
He didn't want to take the smallpox vaccine.
His case went all the way to the Supreme Court.
And the Supreme Court decided 7-2 in favor of the state of Massachusetts.
And one of the justices wrote, and I'm going to quote this so you understand where I'm coming from.
In every well-ordered society charged with the duty of conserving the safety of its members, the rights of the individual in respect to his liberty may at times
under the pressure of great dangers, be subjected to such restraint to be enforced by reasonable regulations as the safety of the general public may demand."
So when you hear that, it seems okay, right?
It seems a reasonable thing.
You know, we've got to look out for our society.
All right, well, what if they're lying to us?
Okay, that becomes the problem.
So this is a utilitarian concept, and the common name today is collectivism.
So collectivism says we need to worry about the good of society versus the good of the individual.
Well, newsflash, God does not believe in collectivism.
God believes in individualism, all right?
But this is how they do it.
It sounds good, that language sounds right, right?
When you read it, it just sounds reasonable and right, but it's not right.
We have to go, we have to always go to our roots in scripture if we're gonna prove right or wrong.
It's the only way through this.
The Flexner Report in 1910, I'm going to cover that with a short video here in a minute.
Medicare, Medicaid in 1965, passed by President Johnson July 30, 1965.
I'm going to cover that.
And standards of care, I'm going to cover that a little bit more than I already have.
OK, we already talked about an oath, first do no harm.
All right, we're going to play this clip regarding the Flexner Report next.
Around the same time that John D. Rockefeller seized U.S.
media, he also hijacked U.S.
medicine.
When it was discovered that drugs could be produced from petroleum, America's top oil mogul ordered his army of propagandists to invert reality accordingly.
Medicines used for thousands of years were suddenly classified as alternative, while the new petroleum-based, highly addictive, and patentable drugs were declared the gold standard.
After buying the German pharmaceutical company that manufactured chemicals of war for Adolf Hitler, Rockefeller leveraged his political influence by pressing Congress to declare natural healing modalities unscientific quackery.
Rockefeller then took control of the American Medical Association and began offering massive grants to top medical schools under the mandate that only his approved curriculum be taught.
Any mention of the healing powers of herbs, plants, and diet was erased from most medical textbooks.
Doctors and professors who objected to Rockefeller's plan were crucified by the media, removed from the AMA, and stripped of their license to teach and practice medicine.
Those who dared to speak out were arrested and jailed.
When evidence began to emerge that petroleum-based medicines were causing cancer, Mr. Rockefeller founded the American Cancer Society, through which he suppressed that information.
John D. Rockefeller is duly credited as the founder of the pharmaceutical industry, and the reason that medical error is currently the third leading cause of death in America.
This is not an indictment against doctors.
More than anyone, they are under the stranglehold of the single largest lobbying power in Washington.
Every year, the pharmaceutical industry spends at least twice the amount as Big Oil to influence laws, policies, and public perception.
Thanks to Mr. Rockefeller, the architect of American monopolies, no industry has more power over our lives than Big Pharma.
So I, is this okay?
It's got back feed?
Good, all right, I'll let you know before I do the next one.
The one point I have of disagreement there is the narrator said this is not an indictment against doctors.
You heard that.
So I disagree with that, of course, because there's multiple players.
So we have the United States government that has the Center for Medicare and Medicaid Services controlling standards of care.
We have the hospitals accepting the money.
So if you look at this as we have the manufacturer of the gun
the United States government.
Somebody had to load the gun with the bullets.
That's the hospital.
And somebody had to pull the trigger.
That's the doctor.
So it is an indictment against the doctors.
In our lawsuit, we took the extraordinary step of not just suing the hospital, but we sued six doctors and two nurses.
It makes for a very expensive lawsuit.
But if we're going to make a difference,
We have to have people be accountable.
A hospital or big pharma is never going to be accountable.
Pfizer had a $2.1 billion penalty for prior sins.
And what did they do?
I mean, they implemented the jab.
So I mean, they needed to go out of business.
That's a consequence for choice.
All right, Satan is a legalist.
Remember, we're in this idea of we're tacitly approving what he has done.
All right, so Satan is the ultimate legalist.
And when you start peeling back some layers, the National Vaccine Injury and Safety Act was passed November 15th of 1986.
That's, by guess, the president that all of us thought was the greatest president in our lifetime.
Ronald Reagan passed that law.
So they're all in on this.
Every one of them is in on it.
We want to blame Obamacare.
There's plenty of reason to blame Obamacare.
Section 1553, which I have on the screen, legalized euthanasia.
So our country projects its sin onto the rest of the planet.
If you look at how we, say, these naughty Canadians with the medical assistance and dying program,
Right?
So we look at them.
These guys are bad.
We invented medical assistance in dying.
It's in Obamacare.
It's right there, section 1553.
So we have tacitly approved all of this in plain sight.
Medicare, Medicaid, medical insurance.
How many of you still have medical insurance?
We don't anymore.
Why?
Because medical insurance is in bed with Center for Medicare
Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services.
Why?
Because Center for Medicare and Medicaid Services can't write the standards of care directly.
They have to always do it through a proxy.
The proxy is medical insurance.
That's how they're pulling it off.
Laws taking away our rights.
The American with Disabilities Act.
This is really a fantastic one because when we filed our lawsuit, we really expected we were going to have a disability rights claim.
Grace was without advocacy.
Grace was strapped to the bed.
Those are disability right violations, right?
So the legal team researched.
Guess what?
Grace's rights evaporated upon death.
So in order to have her rights enforced in that hospital setting, we would have had to have an attorney on retainer
for the hospital situation.
So the ADA law is just a smoke and mirrors to get us to believe our government is on our side trying to help.
The standard of care model, I believe, is the programming that the medical industrial establishment needed to be able to pull this off.
This example that's on the screen should rock you to the core.
Our daughter Jessica found this on Facebook a couple of months ago.
This is a labor and delivery nurse who posted this comment on Facebook.
She was so proud of it, she not just put her name, she also put her picture.
And this is what she wrote.
She said, as a labor and delivery nurse, it was up to me to inject the newborn.
Even back then, over 30 years ago, we had patients that would refuse.
I know that it was their right as parents to refuse, but as not only a nurse but a mother, I could not send a baby home defenseless.
I know what I did was not right, but I would inform the parents I was taking the baby to weigh him or her on a more precise scale and then take them to the nursery and inject them.
Just had to do it.
No baby was going to bleed out on my watch in spite of the parents' stupidness.
Medicare and Medicaid set up the collectivism lie that we're experiencing today.
So remember collectivism from the Jacobson versus Massachusetts decision.
So now collectivism with Medicare and Medicaid, these numbers will shock you.
We have 135 million Americans on Medicare and Medicaid.
This is all by design.
because people are too expensive, we've gotta balance the budget.
Look at, if you just search news headlines for bankrupt Medicare, bankrupt Social Security, you'll see three, four times a year they float this.
Social Security's gonna go bankrupt, Medicare's gonna go bankrupt.
That's all to get us to participate in our own demise.
No, we can't, we paid into that.
We're participating in our own demise by fighting, they're stopping those programs.
Those programs are designed to hasten our death because they've convinced us, well, now we got 135 million Americans on these programs.
It's almost $5 trillion a year.
It's over 50% of the annual federal budget.
We got to balance our budget.
These guys have never balanced a budget since we've had a fiat currency.
There's no intention of balancing a budget.
It is all by design to hasten death.
The whole Center for Medicare and Medicaid Services is designed to hasten death.
I have another clip.
So just so you know, my degree is DAD, by the way.
I don't know anything, but I have become a researcher, as you can tell.
I'm not a doctor.
I don't know anything.
I just have decided I've got to see this stuff with my own eyes.
This next clip is...
Greg Kelly interviewing Seema Verma.
She's the head of CMS.
She's going to tell you what I just told you.
This is what Satan does.
Remember the principle of Genesis 18, 17.
Satan has to let us know what he's going to do before he does it.
So this is being paraded right in front of us.
Now she's talking about nursing homes, but you'll get the idea.
All right, here we go, Jay.
How many nursing homes are under federal care, or does the federal government own?
Are there any?
I know they're state and they're private, but does the federal government have direct control?
Are there any federal nursing home facilities?
Well, the VA has some nursing homes, but in terms of my agency, the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, we set the federal guidelines of safety and quality, and then we work with the states to inspect these nursing homes to make sure they're adhering to those guidelines.
But ultimately, states license these facilities.
What the federal government can do if a nursing home isn't compliant is we can withhold their reimbursement from Medicare or Medicaid.
So you see what they're doing.
Remember, they can't do it directly, but they cut them off with the money.
It's the fiat currency everybody's bought.
So this is how the government illegally, through the Center for Medicare and Medicaid Services, controls the medical industrial complex for the entire country.
That's the smoking gun right there.
The use of propaganda, you really can't do a presentation without commenting on this.
We've had propaganda our whole life.
But amazingly, the Smith-Montag was passed in 1948 that says the US government can only use propaganda against the rest of the world, not against their own country.
Well, what did they do with JFK's assassination?
But we can just ignore that.
What about 9-11?
We'll just ignore that right now.
But in 2012,
They officially said, no, well, we can use propaganda against our own citizens.
So during COVID, we heard hundreds of thousands of times, safe and effective.
Complete lie.
The Brooke Jackson case had already come out exposing Pfizer that they had never done any testing, that this was a bioweapon with a contract with the Department of Defense.
They kept saying safe and effective.
No one will ever get held accountable for that lie.
Why?
Because it was legal.
Remember, Satan's a legalist.
I'm not talking about lawful here.
I'm just saying it was legal.
They legalized this whole thing.
Vera Sharov has become a friend of ours, a real blessing.
And I call her, when you're in a setting like this, God gave me the ability to compartmentalize the story.
But not every day is a positive day.
You can imagine when your best buddy isn't here.
So I call Vera usually about once a month.
And she's been, I've only been in this fight three years.
She's been in it over 30 years.
And her spirit, she's, I think, 88 years old now.
She just seems to be always positive.
So she always gives me these one-liners.
So I have a couple of one-liners she gave me, three of them on three separate phone calls.
So in one of the calls, she said, Scott, virology is the centerfold.
She always uses these R-rated words.
It's really fun to talk with her.
Virology is the centerfold of medicine because of the profit and fear associated with viruses.
Makes sense, right?
They are looking at blades of grass, but they don't want to kill the root.
And the root here is, Satan is the ultimate root.
He's the enemy.
But the root that she was talking about is obviously the whole virology vaccine agenda.
And then last she wrote, the Holocaust could not have happened if they didn't get the doctors to cooperate.
And this is how her and I became friends.
I was researching the Holocaust and saw the parallels.
And she has become very outspoken that this is a worldwide Holocaust today, which it clearly is.
Who's keeping tab of this?
I'll be covering that dear.
Okay, so how do they get the doctors and the facilities to kill?
How is it even possible?
How do they do it?
It can't just be pay, right?
So how many of you would kill somebody for pay?
Although, interestingly, if you've looked at history, the Milgram Obedience Experiment,
was done in 1963, 61 years ago.
And in the Milgram Obedience Experiment, two-thirds of the participants would have killed somebody.
It was just an experiment, just by giving an order.
Hannah Arendt did the research that led up to the Milgram Obedience Experiment.
And what she determined was that there was a banality of evil.
Banality means commonplace.
Evil is so common, we didn't recognize it anymore.
And I'm just gonna go through the first one, the disabled abortion culture.
In America, 90% of Down syndrome babies are murdered in the womb.
Okay, so that should shock anybody.
So how does that happen?
This is the banality of evil.
So I'll walk you through this.
The young couple gets pregnant.
They walk into the doctor's office and the doctor says, congratulations on your pregnancy.
Let's schedule your amniocentesis.
So why?
That's the standard of care.
So then the couple simply says, does my insurance cover it?
Yeah, your insurance covers it.
The doctor doesn't tell them that they cover it because they're in on it.
But of course their insurance covers it, because the insurance company is in on it.
So now the couple gets the testing.
They have the meeting to go through the results of the test.
And the doctor says, we suspect your son is going to have Down syndrome.
I recommend an abortion.
And why do I recommend an abortion?
I'm going to show you why he recommends that in a minute.
But ultimately he believes in the spirit of collectivism.
These people are going to be a burden on society.
They're going to be a burden on you chasing the American dream.
And so he convinces them, and if they don't have biblical roots, you know, why would I want to complicate my life with all these complications that Down syndrome brings into the equation?
So this is the type of things that he tells them.
So remember Obamacare, I mentioned that before, Obamacare was passed on March 23rd of 2010.
In July of 2011, this is a document, a training document that was written to implement Obamacare with the medical profession.
And this happens to be a training document, this was written by two MDs, and it's a training document for how do you treat adults with Down syndrome.
So this is the type of things that they tell them.
So the first thing that they do is say, these people are going to have all kinds of problems.
And so you'll see on the list, they say, well, they're going to have sleep apnea, dental issues, congenital cardiac septal defects, thyroid dysfunction, 50 different things, all these problems.
Grace was the best thing that God ever gave us, second to salvation, by far.
There's not even a close third place.
That's what a gift she was.
All these problems, they're nothing compared to what she brought to the table.
But this is what the doctor's laying in front of the couple.
This is what you can expect.
So then the attitude that they're
they're training these doctors to have is that they're the savior.
So if you look at the second highlighted piece, it says, the lifelong toll on families is high.
Part of a robust plan of care includes acknowledgement of this toll by health care workers.
So their mindset is, hey, these families, this is a burden to these families.
So if you get a Down syndrome person as a patient, recognize they don't want this kid.
They want this kid gone.
They're a burden.
This is right in print.
Then third is the kill statement.
Whenever possible, decision makers for people with Down syndrome should be encouraged to use substituted judgment to make key palliative care decisions.
Substituted judgment is their judgment, not the patient's judgment.
All efforts should be made to determine the preferences of the patient.
However, because of lifelong cognitive impairment, the views of the person with Down syndrome may not be known.
Well, hello.
I mean, I know the view of every single person with Down syndrome.
So does each one of you.
They want to live no different than us.
So they're making themselves gods.
I told you I wanted to share how God warned us of this ahead of time.
In Revelation 18, 23, he said, for your merchants were the most important people of the earth.
He's talking about Mystery Babylon here.
There's many different views of this.
I'm not trying to be right here.
But I believe that in the physical sense, the United States has become Mystery Babylon.
And so he says, for your merchants were the most important people of the earth, because with their pharmakia,
They deceived all nations.
And when I look at, we write 4.8 billion prescriptions a year in the United States.
Out of the entire world, the United States consumes 44% of the world's prescriptions.
We are hooked on pharmacy, pharmaceuticals.
We're hooked on it.
If we can get a pill versus doing the work, we want it.
All right.
Wrapping up, how do we prepare?
Early in my Christian walk, I listened to a pastor who influenced me quite a bit.
His name was Chuck Missler.
And he said, there's two mistakes that you can make.
Number one is failure to prepare.
And number two is relying on your preparations.
We rely on the finished work of Jesus Christ.
So preparing, obviously the physical,
If you, I get asked in just about every interview, what's the most important thing that somebody could do to prepare for a hospital stay?
And it's pretty easy.
The most important thing you could do to prepare for a hospital stay is change your belief.
If you believe a hospital is there to help you, you won't be prepared.
If you believe that they are following government protocols to kill you, you will be prepared.
And so that looks like taking an advocate with you.
It looks like not signing any papers without reading them.
It looks like having a power of attorney document.
It looks like having a medical directives document.
All stuff that you can do to prepare.
But none of that is going to save your life.
You have to have an advocate with you in the hospital setting.
It's absolutely essential.
The spiritual part is substantially more important.
The spiritual preparation requires us to look outside of the world's programming.
So the world's programming today, all of us in this room have heard about the great reset.
That's the evil side.
The great awakening, newsflash, is the less evil side.
And I can prove it in one sentence.
Every single person promoting the Great Awakening is missing one word, and that's repentance.
We got here by rejecting God.
We tacitly approved Satan's plan.
So without repentance, the person that is promoting any solution that follows this Great Awakening, PSYOP, is lying to you.
They are working for Team Satan.
They're on the less evil side of the dialectic.
So what do we do?
So should we do legislation?
I've been approached, hey, let's have Grace's Law.
Let's have Grace's Law so that we can stop these illegal DNRs.
Well, what do you think?
Well, we've never been able to legislate morality since the beginning.
Our society is at an all-time low with morality, so are we going to have to pass more legislation?
No, that would be chasing the wind.
How about a new administration?
I'm going to cover that here in just a little bit, mainly because I can.
But God warned us in 1 Samuel 8,
What did the people want?
They wanted a king.
So the prophet Samuel went to God directly and said, hey, these dummies that I'm in charge of, they want a king.
And God tells them, hey, just let them know the king's going to take your land.
He's going to take your daughter.
He's going to take your son.
Just warn them so they know.
So he warns them, nope, we still want a king.
So then God says, OK, give them what they want.
That's God's character.
You won't go against their free will.
But let them know, don't come crying to me when it doesn't work out.
So that's the DAD version of the Bible, not the NIV or the King James.
But I mean, that's the long and short of that story.
So that's the same thing we're after today.
The people who are on the Trump wagon have lost their mind.
They want a king.
Of course, I'm not promoting Harris.
That's not the point.
But I'm promoting getting out of the system.
This system is the system that killed us.
What about the courts?
I mean, everybody here knows, because I mentioned it already, that we have a lawsuit.
We don't have a lawsuit because I believe in a court system.
We promise God when we jumped into this fight that whatever door you open, we will walk through.
And that door open, we're walking through it.
This is the dumbest thing I've ever done, having a lawsuit.
The cost of the lawsuit itself is stupid.
The most we can win, and we've already said if we win anything, we're not even taking the money.
The most we can win is 750,000.
The cost of the lawsuit is estimated at 800,000.
So just wrap, it's so stupid.
But we're doing this because we have an opportunity to get on platforms we could never be on and share the gospel message.
And that's what we're being called to do.
So all these things fit into the red pill category on the left, and you're going to see I have a video at the end, take the white pill.
This is not a pharmaceutical pill.
The white pill is our Lord and Savior, Jesus Christ, and you'll see that at the end.
Satan's programming is being played out in real time, and I re-reference this, Genesis 18-17.
I want to give you two examples that have just happened in the last month.
This one just happened last week when Trump was on Rogan.
What I did on the right-hand side, so this, I'm not gonna read that, but on the right-hand side, I don't, when I hear something and I see it, I don't want to just take it at face value.
I went to the transcript to see what he actually said, and what he actually said proves what Whitney Webb wrote.
She wrote, Trump promoted national ID on Rogan, the next step to the total control grid, along with vaccines, this is what central bankers want and need to get complete control.
Looks like the establishment factions have agreed that Trump is their man to lead patriots and conservatives into the digital concentration camp.
The theory that you need a digital ID system to stop election fraud or secure the border is absolutely not true, asked the folks who ran things before digital tech existed.
All right, so in my research, I concluded that Trump was behind the stolen election.
So you gotta, remember, you gotta think like this guy.
You gotta think levels, levels of PSYOPs, okay?
So why wasn't anything done about the stolen election?
That's your first clue.
But if we can get people into, we gotta stop these stolen elections.
Well, just in that itself, you're into the election PSYOP.
Remember where governments fit.
Governments are way down.
They're the puppet implementing policy, Satan's policy.
We don't even have a country.
We have a corporation.
So when we vote, assuming you vote, you're voting for a president of a corporation.
So even on the face, it doesn't make sense.
But if we can get digital ID out of this stolen election, that makes sense, and it fits like a glove.
The tweet, I'm gonna, the quote on the top, we're gonna play the clip next, Jay, but I wanna read what Trump tweeted out on March 7th of 2024.
This has never been retracted.
We know that he's a bragger, but this is what he wrote.
The pandemic no longer controls our lives.
The vaccines that saved us from COVID are now being used to help beat cancer, turning setback into comeback.
You're welcome, Joe.
Nine month approval time versus 12 years that it would have taken you.
So we know cancer is already skyrocketing.
It's going to get substantially worse as the jab impact goes through the whole country, right?
So then you see he just laid the groundwork.
Satan lets us know what he's going to do ahead of time.
Laid the groundwork for a cancer vaccine, right?
I mean, this is what the vaccine PSYOP will do.
All right, here we go.
We did a phenomenal job with the pandemic.
We handed them over a country where the economy and where the stock market was higher than it was before the pandemic came in.
Nobody's ever seen anything like it.
We made ventilators for the entire world.
We got gowns.
We got masks.
We did things that nobody thought possible.
And people give me credit for rebuilding the military.
They give me credit for a lot of things, but not enough credit for the great job we did with the pandemic.
Yeah, that's it, that's it.
Cindy and I talked with a lady a couple weeks ago, and she gave me this first statement on the screen.
If your vote mattered, we wouldn't be allowed to vote.
I thought, wow, that was brilliant.
So we talked with her on the phone, and she was sharing her story, which we're not going to cover that today.
But it's how they capture adults through guardianship.
So it's just another way to capture people to get them under government control.
And she had said, if your vote mattered, we wouldn't be allowed to vote.
this evil versus less evil dialectic pattern that Satan has, you know, we cannot fix evil with less evil.
So in the election we have, you know, obviously Harris representing evil, Trump representing less evil, and it's not going to be fixed that way.
I found this a couple weeks ago, Babylonian word magic, the word mega.
So remember, they put this right out in front of us.
It happens to be the highest level in the church of Satan.
And if you translate the word mega in multiple languages, I happen to have it translated in Spanish here, it translates to magician and wizard.
I'm gonna zoom way out here.
God warned us of this dualistic nature of Satan in Revelation 13.
This is the single most important chapter of scripture that I have come across since Grace's death.
It's not my favorite chapter, but it is how God warned us ahead of time.
So esoterically, Satan has two sides.
I've said it multiple times today, evil versus less evil.
Revelation 13 lays out the esoteric sides, the antichrist system, the false prophet system.
They're constantly playing each other.
In fact, in the video that we have at the end, you'll see the title is, The Plan to Take Down the Satanic Cabal was written by the satanic cabal.
And Revelation 13 says that.
The false prophet is empowered by the Antichrist system and points back to the Antichrist system.
That's why this plan to take down the satanic cabal, the Great Awakening, it was written by the satanic cabal to get us into the control grid.
So you can see race to expose evil, I'm calling that the first beast, the Antichrist system.
This was the revelation out of all the things that happened since Grace's death.
The one revelation that I received was don't use Grace's death to expose evil.
Why?
Because it fits into Satan's playbook.
The race to expose evil fits into Satan's playbook.
Why?
Revelation 13.
We have a propensity for safety, security, and comfort.
That's how we're wired.
The false prophets always come with safety, security, and comfort.
On an esoteric level, Satan has to have the evil exposed to create chaos and the false prophet system leading us to the end.
That has to be how it works.
That's how we're all wired.
It's our sinful nature.
But esoterically means behind the scenes, that's what's happening.
We get participating exoterically
And we participate in our own demise, like the election PSYOP, like saying, hey, we can't stop Social Security, we can't stop Medicare.
So we end up agreeing to something that is designed to kill us.
That's all by design.
So the great reset is on the evil side, the great awakening on the less evil.
The occult implements the antichrist evil side, the apostate church, the false prophet, less evil side.
And then on a personal level, we have Harris and Trump acting this out in real time.
I want to go through a few.
If you haven't figured out, I believe we're in the days of Noah.
So I want to go through a few scriptures just to highlight that.
The first one is 2 Thessalonians 2, verses 10-12.
They perish because they refuse to love the truth and so be saved.
For this reason, God sends them.
God sends them.
God sends them to who?
The Christians.
This is not to the unbelievers.
God sends them a powerful delusion so that they will believe the lie and so that all will be condemned who have not believed the truth but have delighted in wickedness.
2 Timothy 4, verses three through four.
For a time will come when people will not put up with sound doctrine.
Instead, to suit their own desires, they will gather around them a great number of teachers to say what their itching ears want to hear.
They will turn their ears away from the truth
and turn aside to myths.
And the apostate church is what they're turning aside to.
You can hear it.
I mean, these pastors are out on, big mega church pastors.
The most recent one was Jack Hibbs.
It's a sin to not vote.
He's lying.
That's a complete lie.
It's a sin to not vote.
Matthew 24, 24, the false messiahs and false prophets will appear and perform great signs and wonders to deceive, if possible, even the elect.
And that's what we've got to work at, is submitting to our Lord and Savior, because He promises to, this is our hope, this is what He tells us He will do, He will protect us.
Should we expect Satan to come as an angel of light?
I've covered all of this already.
God says specifically in 2 Corinthians 11, 14, Satan himself masquerades as an angel of light.
All right, we're gonna play one final video.
This is five minutes long, and then Cindy's gonna do a brief wrap-up when we come back.
Yep, I'm ready for you.
Please, come, sit.
I imagine that right now you're feeling a bit like Alice, tumbling down the rabbit hole.
Hmm?
I can see it in your eyes.
You have the look of a man who accepts what he sees because he's expecting to wake up.
Ironically, this is not far from the truth.
Do you believe in God, Neo?
No.
Why not?
Because I don't like the idea that I'm not in control of my life.
I know exactly what you mean.
Let me tell you why you're here.
You're here because you know something.
What you know, you can't explain.
You were programmed to believe that by taking the red pill, you would escape the Matrix.
It is the sense that you have been lied to that has brought you to me.
I want to share with you how to truly escape.
You've always known that God exists because He put that knowledge into each of us within our souls.
We cannot function as we should without loving God and obeying His commands.
Life is empty without Him and apart from Him we can do nothing.
You knew God existed when you were that scared little boy calling out to Him for comfort.
You recognized his existence when you escaped that car accident unscathed.
You saw God in the eyes of your newborn baby.
You've always known.
The problem is, you've never given your life to him, Neo.
Everything you've done has been about you, your family, your friends.
It's never been about fulfilling your purpose on Earth.
Do you know what I'm talking about?
God?
Yes, God is everywhere.
He is all around us, even now in this very room.
You can see him when you look out your window or when you take a walk in the woods.
You can feel him when you go to work, when you lose a loved one.
He is always there.
Satan has designed the matrix of the world that has been pulled over your eyes to blind you from the truth.
What truth?
You've been lied to your entire life.
The American dream, patriotism, the Constitution, money, wars, schools, government, church, spiritualism, all part of Satan's elaborate worldly schemes to lead you away from God.
You are a slave, Neo.
Like everyone else, you were born into bondage, born into a prison that you cannot smell, taste, or touch.
A prison for your mind and soul.
Unfortunately, many people don't want the truth.
They'll believe they have the power within themselves to right the world, to cure disease, to become enlightened.
They're all misled, pursuing knowledge, further enslaving them.
They are blind to Satan's dual nature, having men pursue both knowledge and security and comfort.
You see, Satan lures men with knowledge, and when that trap leads to chaos, he becomes the angel of light, tempting with safety, security, and comfort.
God has only wanted one thing since the beginning, Neo, to love you.
Now you have a choice.
Time is urgent.
This is your last chance.
After this, you can't say you were never told.
You take the blue pill, and the story ends.
You wake up in your bed and believe whatever you want to believe, and live a life of emptiness as you chase worldly pleasures and accolades.
You take the red pill and believe you have the truth, that even without God, you believe you're enlightened and can attain glory through your own works.
Or you take the white pill.
This is the hardest pill to swallow, because it is the end of your selfish pursuits.
It means you come to the place of repentance or strain from God, not following His commands, not loving Him.
You face yourself.
Finally, you acknowledge that your life means nothing without the creator of the universe in your life.
The white pill is the most difficult, but it is also the most rewarding.
Remember, all I'm offering is the truth, nothing more.
Will you follow him?
Volume back down.
This is our latest billboard campaign.
We have two of these up, both within about 25 miles of the hospital that murdered Grace.
I was under a gag order with our lawsuit for a couple of months.
And the week after the gag order, it worked out great.
Both these billboards got released.
Medicalmurder.net is a URL that ties back to the medical murder research on Grace's website.
So if you go to that URL, it goes right to ouramazinggrace.net, which all that research is posted.
Then our website, OurAmazingGrace.net.
If you subscribe to our newsletter, it's in the upper right-hand corner.
Cindy wanted me to specifically call out Breaking the Oath.
We did a documentary that was released in May of 23.
It's linked directly on the website, so you'll find it there.
So it's a one-stop shop, OurAmazingGrace.net.
It's about an hour and 40-minute documentary.
It does a fantastic job of laying this out for people who are not awake.
So it starts out slow and builds, and so this would be something, you know, everybody likes to watch a film.
So you can have your friends, relatives, enemies, those are the, you know, have them watch it with you.
It's an opportunity.
Then this was, this is a picture of our current family outside of the courthouse on July 14th of
2023.
This was after the judge said the whole case is going to trial.
Our trial is June 2nd of 25.
It's a three-week jury trial.
Our daughter Jessica is on my right.
Cindy's on my left.
The attorneys made me wear a monkey suit for the
the hearing, of course, and we're here because they messed with the wrong girl.
Genesis 50-20, by the way, Cindy's gonna come back up, but she wants to read something that Grace wrote, and it's beautiful to end this, but Genesis 50-20 we see as our calling, and Genesis 50-20 says, what you meant for evil, God meant for good, the saving of many lives, which is happening today.
And of course, the saving of many lives has a physical and a spiritual piece to it.
I mentioned earlier that our lawsuit gives me a platform to be able to share the gospel.
In Ephesians 5.11, it says that we're supposed to resist evil.
I call it shedding light on evil.
And the reason is, is because I want to
I don't want to use grace's story to fit into Satan's hand.
So I always want to shed light on evil We're we're doing this not just for grace, but we're representing now millions of people who have who have died this way and You know if I was asked the single most important thing that could happen as a result of the lawsuit Of course if the law our victory would mean Countrywide doctors and nurses on note are on notice that you have consequences for choices.
So, you know, that would be fantastic but
Way better than that would be if any of the doctors and nurses repented, just one.
Just think through what would be the repercussion of that.
It's mind-blowing.
That means they would be up here next year telling what's going on in the hospitals, not me.
It would be fantastic.
All right, Cindy's going to close us up.
One thing I wanted to share about grace.
is that she was a beautiful writer.
And one of the last papers that she did was about her future.
And her future was stolen, sadly, from doctors and nurses that should have been taking care of her.
And I just thought that her future paper just wraps up what was stolen from her and what could be stolen from us if we aren't awakened and if we're not sharing what we've learned with other people.
So this is Grace's paper, written June 5th of 2020.
My future.
For the final paper in my writing class, Mrs. Rosenthal asked us to think about our future.
What will I endure?
What will it be like?
Welcome to my future land.
To commence, I'll be 18 years old on September 22, 2020.
Once my parents teach me to drive, I'd like to have a red convertible with two white stripes.
Someday I'll be married to a handsome husband and have lots of kids.
We'll inhabit in my living space built next to our pond.
will be compatible and get a yellow lab puppy, and I'll name him Thor.
And she did get her Thor puppy the Christmas before we lost her.
She got a puppy, a yellow lab, and he was a little hellion, but we still have him.
And he brings us some sweet memories with our grace.
And also, there's a picture in the back.
She did get her convertible, a red convertible without the white stripes.
But she did get that.
Before I get married, I plan on working at Freedom Foods stocking shelves.
This is a local grocery store.
And this work will help me get skinny so I can wear a bikini.
Just kidding.
I'll just look better in my suit.
I will continue to be a proud aunt.
My nephews, Caleb and Riley, will be very skillful.
Riley will be designing a myriad of squirrel feeders, couches, and crosses, things we can put by Uncle Travis's grave.
Caleb will be a snowboarding professional because his mom snowboards a lot.
I might obtain work at Pine Tree Supper Club, waitressing, and I might serve food.
Who knows?
But then again, maybe I'll embark on a trip to Memphis, Tennessee.
and work at Graceland, since I'm a big Elvis fan.
I could give tours with fervor and tell about Elvis and Priscilla.
I could work at the guest house at Graceland and make the beds and straighten the towels in the bathrooms.
In my spare time, I'd like to help with adopting pets.
I really aspire to play violin in an orchestra someday, too.
Now, how's that, when I reminisce?
Years from now, I hope many of my hopes and dreams have come true.
Don't you?
I'm going to bring a mic around if you want to ask Scott some questions.
Does anybody have any questions they want to throw up?
Somebody?
It's still crowded, you know.
I know you do.
Sure.
How's that?
Is that working?
I can hear.
I'm fine.
OK.
So this would be just some of my thoughts on, first of all, thank you for being here and for the presentation and for your friendship over the last couple of years since I first interviewed.
I don't know.
I'm losing track of time.
It's been good to get to know you too, Mark.
One would be the, I wrote it down.
Oh, over there?
OK.
The evil versus less evil, which I agree with all of it.
One thing that I've told my audience, a couple people here, that would be is that when it comes to that, it's this expectation of being saved by someone who is in a political position.
It's likely one of these two people is going to be a president next.
But one way or the other, there's no reason to be sad or depressed or feel as though what I or anyone else has to do here changes at all.
We still have to live the same life with the same value and seek God and so on.
And I think that would be one criticism I would completely have of Trump supporters is this seeking of a savior.
Like, OK, well, maybe you like some things that person says,
you still have to do the work.
So I was just wondering if that is a, in your experience, because you, I think, have sought this more deeply than I have, is that a constructive way of putting it, or am I still, you think, teetering out onto the plank of a slippery slope that is no good?
Thank you.
It's a fantastic question.
So just to summarize Mark's question, I mean, no matter who is elected, life goes on.
And do I agree with that?
Absolutely.
So if you think about your life as a hand of cards,
So we each all have a hand of cards, and we are responsible to obediently play those cards in our hand.
So your employer, you work as unto the Lord.
Your children, you raise them up in a God-fearing home.
So all those things, nothing changes, right?
Nothing changes.
And maybe an example, have you ever balanced your checkbook and found out it was off?
Like a lot off?
So let's say you balance your checkbook and all of a sudden it's $10,000 off to the bad.
Has anything changed?
I mean, emotionally, it's like, whoa, right?
But then what if it's $10,000 to the good?
What's that?
Yeah, so it gets you into this mindset.
We're not supposed to be making decisions on emotion.
That's what I'm bringing up.
And so really what Mark is challenging is that we shouldn't have an emotional response regardless of who's elected, because it doesn't matter.
We're supposed to be in the world, but not of the world if we've submitted to Jesus.
So then none of this stuff that happens in the world should impact us.
That's not where, when we have one foot in the world, of course it impacts us.
And for sure that's where I was before Grace's murder.
And it has been such a gift.
She died for me personally to wake up.
But then as I've been waking up to realize I was chasing the American dream.
And that's over.
It's a daily struggle though.
I mean, it is because that temptation has been there.
That's how I was programmed.
Thanks for the question, Mark.
Well, I was just going to comment on your comment because doesn't it go back to the individual versus collectivism?
I mean, as far as, we're always, we don't need to look outside ourselves because we have everything within us.
And if you're looking outside, you're
you're not trusting the source, is what I'm saying.
That's right.
Is that another way to look at it?
Again, how we're wired.
Think about how we're chasing things all the time to satisfy what?
To satisfy the only thing that God can satisfy.
But isn't that Satan's plan to get us outside ourselves so we don't gather our power that we know we have?
Because we're invincible.
I really like how you said that.
We haven't been taught that.
We haven't been taught that, right.
The book of Job taught us that.
And Grace, the way she describes Satan, she said he was a big creep.
She knew he was a creep from little on, and she would tell his mom that Satan, he's a big creep.
Watch out for him.
I'll tell you a quick story about Grace.
I have lots of them, but this one really showed me where she was at.
the emotional things that happened.
So Travis took his life on October 9th of 2018.
October 10th of 2018, Grace and I were in my truck together, and I was pretty unstable.
But I wanted to give her confidence, right?
And I said to her, Grace, you know God's got this, right?
And she said, I know, Dad.
The thing was is that she did know.
I didn't.
She gave us strength to get through our loss of our son.
She was our parent more so than us for her.
Scott, I have a question, and I'm going to put my legal hat on for just a moment.
With your lawsuit next year, what do you hope for?
I mean, the court system is set up to convict and arrest and charge an individual, even a corporation, but how can you indict an entire system?
And what can you hope to accomplish?
that we are able to share this message on national TV.
So I'm hoping that our case is that big.
It's one of the very few, and we're going to trial.
We're not settling.
So that becomes a national test case.
And if I get a chance to be on national TV, I get a chance to
The court, the case itself, one thing I don't want people to come away from with the case is that, see, anybody can do this.
No, anybody can't do it.
This is a ridiculous waste of time, energy.
It's a grinding of the saints.
A lawsuit isn't anything I would want anybody to ever do.
It's foolishness.
And so I don't want people to get hope in the legal system because we win.
That's one thing I don't want to have happen.
So whether we win or lose, I am hoping that we get a national platform to break into the mainstream media and share this message with literally the whole country.
Mainstream media.
And the message here is what I mentioned to him before.
It's not just that we bring the doctors and the nurses
the hospitals to see what they're doing, but to let everybody know what's going on.
People just aren't aware of how unsafe.
These hospitals are, how unsafe it is to even be putting our trust in these doctors and nurses.
I mean, the nurse that injected Grace with those meds was a 20-year ICU nurse.
She clearly knew what she was doing.
And it's happening today, still, three years later.
And people do not know because the media is hiding it.
And so if we get the chance to expose this in that way so that people can see that we need to put our trust in the Lord.
He's made our bodies in such a way they're magnificently and wonderfully made.
And there's supplements and there's other ways for us to seek health care.
It's not in like Scott mentioned about how addicted we are to pharmaceuticals.
That is not where we should be turning.
We have got a wonderful God who loves us and who has provided things for us.
It's just that we don't go there.
We don't trust that.
And yet, nobody knows about that.
I shouldn't say nobody, but there's a limited amount of people that know that.
And that's one of the bigger things that we really want to be able to get out there.
We don't care about the lawsuit in the way that other people would think that we're trying to expose this.
It's much, much more.
I'll give you a couple.
Here's an example.
This book is called Dissent in Medicine.
It was written in 1984 by nine MDs.
They were exposing standards of care.
Standards of care came into existence in the early 80s.
In 84, these men were already exposing the standard of care for cancer.
So the standard of care for cancer in 84 is the same as today.
Cutting, radiation, chemo.
Here's what they wrote.
So they didn't get a national platform.
This is why a national platform is important.
If we had a national platform, cancer is the number two cause of death.
Why?
Because of the standard of care.
Here's what they wrote.
The entire field of orthodox oncology will disappear as chemotherapy, surgery, and radiation for cancer are revealed as fundamentally irrational and scientifically insupportable.
Chemo has a 97.9% kill rate.
Here's their close.
A patient stands a better chance of recovering if he's never diagnosed.
How many people know that?
People don't know that because the mainstream media covered it up.
Okay, these guys went out on a limb.
They didn't realize this is a spiritual war, that's why.
So then now, fast forward to today.
Two months ago, people don't realize our hospitals are under military control.
Military control, why?
Because we're under a public health emergency.
So legally, they put in place, anytime our country's under a public health emergency, which we are because of the opioid crisis,
So we're under a public health emergency.
That legalized hospitals being under military control.
We personally experienced that two months ago.
A lady that we didn't know, the family called us because they had heard the story.
This lady is 59 years old.
She got put under a guardianship.
She's at St.
Elizabeth's Hospital, same hospital that murdered Grace.
So this family calls us and says, will you go visit her?
We go to visit her.
She had just come out of surgery.
We didn't even know the room, the room number.
We're driving there.
We got there at about five minutes to seven in the evening.
I parked the car.
Cindy goes in.
There's no receptionist.
So she calls, and they say, well, she's in room 2016.
So we don't know where 2016 is.
We go, oh my gosh, it's the same floor, the same wing that Grace was murdered at.
She was murdered in 2029.
So now we're up there.
We walk down.
We think, OK, well, I mean, we're here.
We start visiting with the lady.
She can't talk because they illegally, we believe, put her on a ventilator.
So now she's on a ventilator.
She can't talk.
But she was surprisingly awake for having just got a surgery.
Cindy starts showing her pictures on her phone.
Two armed guards showed up and removed us 10 minutes later.
Because we're the hospital bandits, right?
Yeah, this is not a joke.
This is really happening.
I mean, I wish I could broadcast this to the entire country.
So yeah, that's what I hope with the lawsuit is that we can, you know, praise God I'm a researcher, so I have this stuff in my head when, you know, when I don't have to have all my notes to be able to do this on live TV.
The other thing is, too, like this lady has special needs, so they reached out to us knowing where Grace was at in this hospital.
The other situation was that this lady had special needs and so the family reached out to us knowing that our daughter Grace had special needs and Hoping that we could do something which we have and we've been advocating for her now even I've been following and with her for the last two months and she is Slowly getting weaned off of the ventilator.
She's at a vent clinic now a different vent clinic when we followed her to a Madison Hospital I saw the horrific treatment of her I did not think she was gonna make it but she's now in a different vent clinic in Chippewa Falls and
It's a long story short.
I mean, we are exposing this evil for people like this that are now, as I said earlier, walking through these doors and experience such horrific things.
But on top of that, the million people that died, similar to Grace, we are their voices.
We have at least 150 people on our website that have shared their story.
But we have other people that have chimed in and shared.
and to know that they aren't getting justice either and we have many of them because of the fact that what they did to them was
followed the protocol that was in the hospital.
And so they don't have a chance to speak out.
They don't have a chance to fight for their rights of the loved one that they lost.
And so our lawsuit is serving, hopefully, justice for many, many other people that have died.
And they are banking and hoping and praying that that's what will happen with Grace's case.
And we are trusting the Lord that he will bring that part of the lawsuit.
Mr. and Mrs. Shara, your story, Grace's story is heartbreaking.
It's literally heartbreaking.
And I want to thank you for the work that you're doing in bringing light to the depraved indifference to human life that our increasingly socialized and therefore centralized healthcare system is.
And to think that there's doctors
and people involved in the medical freedom movement today that are calling for increasing centralization even more and more public-private partnerships is depraved in itself as well.
And I want to thank you for what you're doing in bringing this message to the people.
Thank you my question.
I just want a quick comment the most Evil thing that's being brought to the table by the supposedly medical freedom people is safe vaccines
That is, you can bet that that is how they're going to get it to the next level.
It is the craziest thing I've ever seen.
But I mean, now that I understand evil versus less evil, the population, they want safety, security, and comfort.
So they were going to fall for safe vaccines.
All right, go ahead.
My question that I wanted to ask you was regarding the Hippocratic Oath.
You touched on that it was satanic to three satanic gods.
I believe that's what I heard.
And I was wondering if you could touch on that a little bit deeper.
Because that was news to me.
And I was interested in hearing some more about that if you got it.
I'll find it on my laptop so I can read it literally.
But let's go to the next question while I find it.
First of all, I'm sorry for your loss.
Second of all, I pray to God that he gave you the strength to do what you're doing and to continue.
Thirdly, I know your story, and you are not doing this for money.
We're just making this clear, right?
No, we have no desire.
I didn't hear you guys say that today, but you normally do say that.
I figured out myself that I'm unregistering myself to vote in Canada.
Because by being registered, you are agreeing to the whole process.
Correct.
So it should be in my mailbox by the time I get home.
Trump rally just a week or two ago, Elon Musk was going, register, everybody register, register, get your neighbors, tell everybody to register.
They need a certain compliance of registrations in order to go to their next step, is my feeling.
My other question is, you said that, Grace with Down syndrome, you must have known other Down syndrome children, right?
Yeah, and they're special just like her, right?
And they're killing off 90% of them.
I'm pretty sure Satan's enjoying doing that.
The Down syndrome population is quite unique.
So they call the 21st chromosome the love chromosome for a reason because that group of people loves unconditionally.
And Grace, she was a gift.
I mean, we had somebody that loved unconditionally.
Just to give you just a simple example, our life was circled around Grace.
And we did lots of neat things.
You'd have a day where all kinds of fun stuff would happen and he asked Grace, Grace, what was your favorite thing today?
And she would say, everything.
Everything was always tied for first place with her.
It was such a unique way to look at things.
She would sit sometimes and just look outside and say, this is the life.
It was just something.
It just was very interesting.
It was fun to come home and get that.
She used to tackle me.
I let her tackle me when she was younger, but all of a sudden, when she got big, you can't let her do that anymore because she could hurt you, especially after you're aging like we are.
All right, your question about the Hippocratic Oath.
So the Hippocratic Oath has changed over time.
I'm going from the one that was in 400 BC.
Here's what the first paragraph says.
I swear by Apollo, the physician, and to Scopopaeus, the surgeon, likewise Hygieia and Panacea, and call all the gods and goddesses to witness that I observe and keep this underwritten oath to the utmost of my power and judgment.
I will reverence my master, who's already referenced before, which is Satan, who taught me the art.
Equally with my parents, I will allow him, his master, things necessary for his support and will consider his sons and brothers.
I will teach them my art without reward or agreement.
This is an interesting piece of the Hippocratic Oath because this is how Satan does it.
Satan is not on a street corner in front of a church in a red suit and a pitchfork, right?
If Satan can give 95% truth and 5% lie, he won.
Because the lie portion is what we gravitate to.
So this idea, I will teach them my art without reward or agreement, ends up, let me just see if I have it, I only put three paragraphs on this screen.
Yeah, in the final paragraph of the original Hippocratic Oath goes against what he just said.
I will teach them my art without reward or agreement.
Well, here's what the final paragraph says.
If I faithfully observe this oath, may I thrive and prosper in my fortune and profession and live in the estimation of posterity, or on breach thereof, may the reverse be my fate.
So you see that's the works doctrine embedded in the Hippocratic Oath But it also reverses what he previously said that he's doing this for no profit whatsoever Does that answer your question You're welcome
Oh, yeah, yeah, sure.
Especially when she got a spanking.
Which wasn't very often.
She was really a good kid, but yeah, she was.
Oh, Cindy wants to comment.
Go ahead.
Go ahead, finish.
No, she definitely cried.
Things would impact her different than typical.
But yet, one of the things that shocked me is the first time that her and I deer hunted together, we got a deer.
And that's the moment of truth when the deer goes down, right?
And she helped me do the field dressing to the deer, and she was awesome.
She was my helper.
She's asking me, what does this part do?
What does that part do?
So I thought that was going to be the moment when I was going to lose her as my hunting buddy, but she didn't cry then.
All right, go ahead, dear.
The couple times that come to mind were one when she was fishing out of our pond and she caught this big crappie fish and she put it in a pail hoping to show dad when he got home.
Oh, okay.
Well, anyway, this fish ended up dying, if I remember right.
And that was one of the things it was like she was planning on just showing dad and putting this fish back, but it died.
And so we ended up having it for supper.
And so that was a hard thing.
But when she lost her brother, that was a really big thing.
And she openly shared her grief.
I mean, she was not bashful to share that she had this great deep loss and that it affected all of us.
As we said earlier, she was our pillar, but that was another big thing.
Loss of life was a big thing if we had animals and that happened.
But she had friends that she would watch be treated unkindly, and that really broke her heart.
One of her friends still is dealing with the loss of grace because she was such a great encouragement for him.
and he has special needs and she just she brought the best out of so many people and you know he he feels that emptiness in his life because whenever she saw him she just encouraged him and encouraged other people around her and it is just such a a great deep change in people's lives that had the opportunity to have grace around them but she definitely was
and I shouldn't say human, but she was more human than most of us when I think about it.
And I pray that all of us have Down syndrome in heaven because of what she exposed and shared with us.
I mean, she taught us more than what we ever taught her in this lifetime.
And I really, I look at what she brought, you know, to everybody that had that opportunity, like I said, to meet her.
It was just different.
And we feel so very blessed to have had her in our life.
I don't think we can do it any better than this, so I'm not going to leave the stream running any longer.
I'm going to leave it right here.
Thank you very much for coming to this.
Thank you.
You're welcome.
We'll probably come online again when we have the fire on at home.